Hint when property editor will be removed in the future (#5103)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 11/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/backoffice/property-editors/built-in-umbraco-property-editors/grid-layout/README.md

{% hint style="info" %}
We highly recommend that you use the [Block Grid](../block-editor/block-grid-editor.md) instead.

> Grid Layout has been marked as obsolete and development on the property editor has been discontinued. It will be removed completely as a core property editor in Umbraco 13.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Grid Layout has been marked as obsolete and development on the property editor has been discontinued. It will be removed as a core property editor with the release of Umbraco 13, planned for December 2023.
```
